do not
hello everyone I'm apm nya and today I'm back
with a video to show you how
return the battery little by little to
your iphone since every once in a while
it spoils us lasts less here you can
see in the cydia is an application there
several in the appstore but I have not
worked none that I used one that
is in cydia and to find it you have
what to put because this is the repo of
Vctor is the obligation free and they put
you are looking for your material you are looking for
they come out, do not paint here
and good is how to always install
and once installed I'm not sure if
ask for respite I do not think not but the
you have here
and good the first screen that you have
is when you look at them and the disk of
our iphone tennis bluetooth 3g
if you have some sort this if you have the
very high brightness and all that I have everything
that activated everything I need and I
he says he's losing a lot of battery
fast if you want to connect
teaches us everything you have since
it is consuming battery if you want
I'll fix it just give it to you
self-destructive but I do not want that
I do it because it takes away everything and I have
what I need
the second screen are like modes what
there are many these first five come
by default but I have made one why
I have put what I want to have the 3g
has put some kind is everyone
cited had not been removed because everything
what I need everything you see there the
shine 75 and here you have these for
example this is the normal one that comes to you
that opens you all bluetooth - the plane
it makes my account shine and the block
automatic or ads
and the others are because it takes everything away
asleep if you click on them you can see
screen locks
I think it 's the one he used the most when
plug in the iphone
Well tell me what makes you a fast charge
as you see there the three circuits
there's under the dark green sun that
put fast charges circulating with
charge and the third thing is when it fixes
the battery you have to leave the century
complete if you do not do it is the same
I will not spoil our battery either
for the best that you leave here you have
a calendar of everything you have
all the loads that you have done and you see
that I have some classes take it half
the latter with the facts well a
full cycle which is what this calls
application is when you are for less
of 20% and I'll load it up I'll say this
until the last little circle ends
it takes more takes some three hours in
load it whole so I recommend you
that you do it at night and that you do not
use to make it better
and here is some advice if you give
there to the second line that
you can not read for
because it gives you advice standing on the
battery last nothing if it does not break
you can see here all the tips
true
but there are many who write if you do
everything he says
I can not use my mobile
then in the fourth little eyelash
we hope to apply are the applications
What else do they consume?
here you can see all the ones that I use since
they are the ones that consume me the most
is that very many
but good is that here yours
whatsapp for example I'm not going to
remove but keep in mind that you spend
much
in the last tab is the first
is
it takes off everything lets almost call and sms
when it is below what you see
and this avoid because you can not use it
of a good one that does that is not that
you can not basically find it
this is
this
annoying
I did not get this at all
this is that the third is not block
lash that when what is the
device if you have several
open applications
after a time here for example
10 minutes if you have the device
created 10 minutes
of the lands you can all put
some you do not want customer closing is
quite useful but I'm not just
to convince
well this that you room that came down from that
it would be the result when you unlock
Well it is said what is the device
Tells you that you have deleted such obligations
the next is when what does the
device that will remove the 3g 4g
after the time that you
but of course if you do that they do not reach you
enough
messages from the world in any application
messaging
we have the battery information
As you can see, I 'm using it because
I have the fatal battery
it ends very fast and you can get here
you can see all the information
our battery bis mine is
overheated
and where else this is for
for notification center stuff
you have the shortcuts there
of the status bar when you apply in
Battery
but remember to load what are several
things this from other other settings of
social networks and support applications and
nothing else
this application is very good I had
the fatal battery had it like in a 60
the peak and it has recovered me and I continue
doing it I do not know if I can recover the
everything but it's serving me well
this has been everything to tell me if as
you prefer that I like the videos and with a
camera watching the mobile from outside or
making them and recording a screen
directly and this has been all not
I have more to say to like
defined in the first time it says a
my video and until the next day